support custom family prefixes (closes #830) (#883)
klutometis/roxygen: NEWS.md

# roxygen2 (development version)

* A system for providing custom roxygen2 metadata is now available.

>   If the file "man-roxygen/roxygen-meta.R" is available, it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the file "man/roxygen/meta.R" is available, it will be
```

  evaluated. Its evaluation should produce an R list, mapping roxygen

>   option names to values. Currently, only 'family.prefix' is recognized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  option names to values. Currently, only 'rd_family_title' is recognized:
```
